issues##3769 Update Documentation for Forbidden configuration prefixes (#3833)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/cruise-control/ref-cruise-control-configuration.adoc

NOTE: Strings that look like JSON or YAML will need to be explicitly quoted.

You can specify and configure all the options listed in the "Configurations" section of the {CruiseControlConfigDocs}, apart from those managed directly by Strimzi.

> Specifically, you *cannot* modify configuration options with keys equal to or starting with one of the keys mentioned https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/latest/using.html#type-CruiseControlSpec-reference[here.]

Reviewer: Could you please update it to relative link?

```suggestion
Specifically, you *cannot* modify configuration options with keys equal to or starting with one of the keys mentioned xref:type-CruiseControlSpec-reference[here].
```
